less than a year ago you couldn't play a decision game
to degrade from the third class that mission was brought and is this season
everything different
winter danish team today with the valley birds then the champion flag may
even out
these are the veenendaal newspaper final weeks with today the valley birds
against candia
is going to happen today
kind of exciting
healthy tension
no more is different but yes it is of course a bit more calm and different
sectors
what is the approach today
to put pressure on the world and
that happened anyway they were names that is cool to deal with
and with that also get back euro within 10
then further expand that retention
a month ago but it is important to me that we win the
events around the club but the
we must win there
wognum
have apple marquee with the title initially
as the tough match
yes this summer season always showing people up
hilversum every match will never be good but that is not the point
because of the result and we were part of the well-known films being tense
miss opportunities
the 83 scoreboard finally stands and that is the point
after you say from to the match was actually not really a tap of yours either
not very bad play
r
at all i seemed alish but where i was a bit tense alone
the truth is broken off
we just have to be full of prices we don't have to lean back
whether you are careful for two years together
We must already be over and it must be good ourselves
and that actually went right from the start and were immediately busy
forward
well that's why I already spoke
we knew that a nice bullet
and
what a awake point it was
and no, I suspend it because the hand walked
eibergen that was a weakness put pressure together quickly
and actually say violate
He has a limited learning last year to the stock markets in addition to competitions
You can just play somewhere for textile
what that was in america after the bbc
that is difficult in the media but that is still reasonable in my
life has had to do with me
get the boys
young boys who died and who made a difference together with the
right-wing rights groups
i in the east guys only if i have those young guys who already
why had never been champion of the street last season the idea that
this would be possible 2 I do feel that we would be among the first five
can end
but everyone can join us that we could become champions seems to me now and then
It has happened for years and a true champion in your eyes
if your champion wants to be entitled to it
I think I do many just to just a very tight organization
to have
and and
the stadium that report the champion